Fixed technical and editorial issues (#5805)
magento/devdocs: guides/v2.3/frontend-dev-guide/layouts/xml-instructions.md

| Attribute | Description | Values | Required? |
|:------- |:------ |:------ |:------ |

> | `class` | Name of a class that implements rendering of a particular block. An object of this class is responsible for actual rendering of block output. | Fully qualified class name E.g. `Vendor\Module\Block\Class` | no |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `class` | Name of a class that implements rendering of a particular block. An object of this class is responsible for actual rendering of block output. | A fully-qualified class name, such as `Vendor\Module\Block\Class` | no |
```

|`name` | Name that can be used to address the block to which this attribute is assigned. The name must be unique per generated page. If not specified, an automatic name will be assigned in the format <code>ANONYMOUS_<em>n</em></code> | 0-9, A-Z, a-z, underscore (_), period (.), dash (-). Should start with a letter. Case-sensitive. | no |
| `before` | Used to position the block before an element under the same parent. The element name or alias name is specified in the value. Use dash (-) to position the block before all other elements of its level of nesting. See [before and after attributes](#fedg_xml-instrux_before-after) for details. | Element name or dash (-) | no |
| `after` | Used to position the block after an element under the same parent. The element name or alias name is specified in the value. Use dash (-) to position the block after all other elements of its level of nesting. See [before and after attributes](#fedg_xml-instrux_before-after) for details. | Element name or dash (-) | no |

> | `template` | A template that represents the functionality of the block to which this attribute is assigned. | Vendor_Module::path/to/template.phtml (Scope is already in `templates` directory of module) | no |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `template` | A template that represents the functionality of the block to which this attribute is assigned. | `Vendor_Module::path/to/template.phtml` (Scope is already in the `templates` directory of the module) | no |
```

| Attribute | Description | Values | Required? |
|:------- |:------ |:------ |:------ |

> | `method` | Name of the public method of the block class this tag is located in that is called during block generation. | Method name in block | yes |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `method` | The public method that is called during block generation. | The method name in the block | yes |
```

| Attribute | Description | Values | Required? |
|:------- |:------ |:------ |:------ |
| `remove` | Allows to remove or cancel the removal of the element. When a container is removed, its child elements are removed as well. | `true` or `false` | no |

> | `display` | Allows you to disable rendering of specific block or container with all its children (both set directly and by reference). The block's/container's and its children' respective PHP objects are still generated and available for manipulation. | `true` or `false` | no |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `display` | Allows you to disable rendering of specific block or container with all its children (both set directly and by reference). The PHP objects of the block or container and its children are still generated and available for manipulation. | `true` or `false` | no |
```
